Work on the fourth 5 G's (Glossary) (#182)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: reference/glossary.rst

        *Work in Progress*

    GNU
        GNU's Not Unix (GNU) is an operating system containing several free software packages. It can be used in combination with the Linux kernel.

        Related topic(s): Active Directory integration, Cryptography, Debugging, High availability, Networking, Performance, Samba, Security, and Server installation.

    GnuTLS
        GNU's Not Unix Transport Layer Security (GnuTLS) is a GNU software package that secures data-in-transit by implementing the :term:`SSL`, :term:`TLS` and :term:`DTLS` protocol.

        Related topic(s): Cryptography, Web services, and OpenLDAP.

    GPG
        GNU Privacy Guard (GPG) is a GNU software package that secures data-at-rest before sending it to a recepient.

        Related topic(s): Managing software

    GPS

>         Global Positioning System (GPS) provides time synchronization by receiving timestamped signals from multiple 
>         satellites equipped with atomic clocks and adjusting its internal clock to match the precise time transmitted, making it a reliable time source for an application like Chrony.

Author: I've been thinking a lot about this definition, it's not detailed enough.
```suggestion
        Global Positioning System (GPS) is a collection of satellites that provides accurate time using radio signals from their atomic clocks. A GPS receiver 
        plugged into a computer can sync with these satellites and generate :term:`PPS` signal, which delivers ultra-accurate time that applications can use as a time source.
```
